so I said special treat on sale room and
the special treat is about to happen but
the person I'm going to introduce you to
has two ways to be introduced the first
is that I met her a few days back when a
movie Chennai Express was actually about
to get launched and that time I
introduced her as one of the only people
I know where men and women both look up
to her when they talk and that's not
just because of her height but
predominantly that so when we finished
the show I will show you you know I am
six feet eight and she's towers about an
inch so great to have you on the show
why are you meeting you once again and
in a technology field that makes it even
better and boy that's some phone Yahoo
okay
so you already have the voice tab at HP
calls it with you and before we get into
the details of that I'm just gonna tell
you about the scientific study which I
told you off-camera that we did so I
host another show which is called the
tech Grandmaster it's a quiz show
something like ABC okay and there's an
audience of about 200 people out there
so you think I'm setting you up yeah
okay so you know we have to do this
whole thing in a quiz show that the quiz
master comes out and speaks to the
audience the kind gets them you know all
warmed up and everything else so one of
the things we do out there is that I
used to do this who's the hottest person
in Bollywood test okay so I did 33
episodes
20 of them I asked them this question so
in that scientific study you won all 20
so congratulations the award goes
directly to you where is my award I
should have got okay let's talk about
Technology something first before we get
into it is this something that excites
you not the product itself but the world
of Technology are you into it or you
just live with it
I think I'm someone who yes of course I
am I'm aware and I will update myself to
to the basics and what is necessary I
wouldn't call myself someone who's I'm
not like a gadget freak I'm not someone
who's obsessed with gadgets all the time
but yes I do think that I have the basic
stuff around me okay so you don't live
for it you live with it
yeah yeah okay so let's talk about the
product that you've launched off today
which they call a voice tab which is you
know a differentiator and to distinguish
it from everything else in the market so
some of the stuff that you
about it what do you think is the future
for it HP gets into this market after a
while they haven't been doing this and
they've now got into this it's going to
be a tough you know barrier to cross
because there's so many others that are
doing products off the similar nature
but then they've tried to distinguish
this right with calling it a voice tab
and other features what do you think see
for me someone like me who's you know
who's constantly on the move I think
it's it's the perfect thing especially
in terms of portability and size it's
not something that I have to think about
it easily goes into my handbag it's so
sleek and easy to carry around but also
the fact that I can do almost everything
with it you know from reading my scripts
to you know I don't need to carry hard
ban scripts anymore I just read my
scripts on this read a book listen to
music I can surf the internet I have you
have all your social media stuff you
know that that's on it so it's very very
convenient very light and I think for me
at least the best part is the fact that
it has the front firing speakers so for
me someone who's I love music and you
know so it's very easy for me to sort of
just plug it in and and you know sort of
listen to the kind of music that I like
okay so you know this whole debate that
starts off with the size of the product
right we've had a few people other
people also from the same industry or
industry who've come on the show and
said that you know the bigger the phone
the better it is and all that size does
matter it really becomes important on
the phone and everything else it's about
the only time that a man usually will go
and say that you know is my carry on
okay so in a size like this if you
didn't have a handbag suppose you would
just carry this phone otherwise would
that be an issue absolutely because
right now I just realized that from
stage two here I've just been it's it's
been in my hand and it's not I haven't
for a second felt the need to pull it
aside because it's come in the way of
anything that I've done it's kind of
like a clutch that a woman carries it's
just there you know so no I mean I think
I think even if you're not carrying a
handbag per se I think it's something
that's extremely light if you want to
see very very easy to carry around okay
now you know the part that I love about
something which is almost a cross
between a phone and it
which is you know exactly where this
fits and it takes over is that a lot of
people have started now questioning the
idea that if you have something like
this with a screen of this kind of
technology the hardware inside the
feature sets everything else that they
have do you really need a tablet do you
use the tablet otherwise I've just been
introduced to this so like please like I
said earlier this is something that I'm
still kind of sort of getting used to
all in one so let's see how that goes so
would you give up a tablet if you think
this gives you almost all the feature
sets of a tablet yet you can also use it
as a phone for voice calls would you
give up on carrying a separate tablet
because that's the big controversy today
our tablets about to die because phones
of this size or you know HP doesn't like
calling it a phone a voice tab of this
size would easily replace the tablet so
do you even need two things
I think it'll depend on C I think
technology itself is such a thing that's
constantly changing every six months
every one year there's there's new
things that keep coming up as of today
definitely I think this is something
that's that's very very handy very very
useful and of course I think in the kind
of times that we live in now you're
trying to sort of combine everything and
have just one thing that you can carry
around versus having multiple devices so
I guess if it serves someone's purpose I
think it's definitely your your go-to
device
okay so last question I asked almost
everybody from your industry when
they're on this show this question so I
take it to be my go-to question right so
you're sitting at home and suddenly
there's a knock on the door and the
entire HP world team worldwide team
comes in and says difficult some launch
now what we want to do is that the next
voice tab has to be the deepika padukone
voice tab so it's a branded device from
you what's the one thing you will say
listen all other things are cool here's
one feature that you have to put on that
device so that it can have my name what
it'll be will it be the looks will it be
something inside a feature it could be a
dream feature I mean the let your
imagination go wild what would you do it
I don't mean to sound like oh my god but
honestly I think this has really covered
everything that one is looking for at
least what I'm looking for
and no I swear if it was not even a
good-looking thing that's probably
something like that I could have picked
on and said you know I just wish they've
maybe the color or maybe the style but
look at it it's so slick it's so stylish
it's it's I mean it's it's classic and
it's wonderful
absolutely absolutely so HP take out one
more addition the deepika padukone
edition
thank you very much wonderful as always
talking to you and thank you for being
on the show and for accepting our
imaginary award I mean I don't have that
I will hold you to that
carry a big fat trophy with me thanks a
lot thank you very much